
Flow content begins with
Ans - '!' or '='

List members are denoted by
Ans - '-'

Which of the following is used to represent dictionary data structure or hash table?
Ans - Mapping

Multiple documents with single streams are separated with
Ans - '---'

Which of the following is the default schema considered by YAML processor?
Ans - 

Which of the following is the shortcut key for comments in YAML?
Ans - CTRL+Q

The tags which include decimal and exponential values are called
Ans - Floating tag

Chomping is interpreted in whiich of the following form?
Ans - All

Flow collection entries are terminated by
Ans - ','

Which of the following types are used for YAML tag repository?
Ans - All

Which of the following schemas can be used in YAML?
Ans - All

Which of the follwoing symbol is used to represent literal style?
Ans - '|'

JSON schema is an extension of core schema
Ans - False

Which of the following block nodes are valid?
Ans - Block Collection/ Scalar

Which of the following are valid information models?
R.- All

What is the full form of YAML?
R.- Yaml Ain t markup language

Which of the following is considered as syntax primitive in YAML?
R.- production parameters and naming conventions

Which of the following extensions are used to save a file in YAML?
R.- yaml and yml

Which of the following can be defined as a single data structure?
R.- Node

In how many types YAML file is formatted?
R.- 3

YAML is a superset of JSON 
R.- True

The characters which have special semnatics are called
R.- Indicators

which of the following nodes are used in flow style of YAML file?
R.- Alias and Empty

Which of the following flow scalar styles can be used in YAML file?
R.- All

Anchor is represented by the symbol
R.- '&'

Which of the following tag handles are used in YAML file?
R.- all

Which of the following is defined as giving instructions to YAML procesor?
R.- Directive

Which of the following is defined as sequence of bytes?
R.- Well-formed stream

Which of the following document is known as clean document?
R.- Bare document
